Okay everything is installed and running.
Let me just tell you what I have right here to tell you something about this component this app I have
right here I have an app component is going to have a state and inside the state we're going to have
a name with the string last name with a string.
You're going to have an H with the number Humvee's with an array.
Spanish with a boolean value are going to have a function then an object and then just a string again.
And this component is going to render a child component and right here inside the user community which
is the child component again to pass all this state right here all the prompts inside the user component.
I'm just receiving the prompts and rendering the prompts.
No this that prompts that name.
Just something real simple.
OK that's fine.
So what I want to do I want to start using prompt and want to check all the prompts that this component's
it's receiving.
So I'm going to go right here at the top and first since promp types it's it's an add on.
We will need to import Propp types mislay import and then Propp types.
Right.
It's going to be from and then from.
It's going to be Propp then dash types.
OK let's get.
So it's ready now.
What we never hear of properties is defined but never used.
It's because we're not using it so far.
So to use prop types since we're going to be checking all the prompts that this component is receiving
the first keyword that we need to use is going to be the name of the class.
So we're going to go right here and say user Aunty's productize beginning to do Propp types.
Now that way it's going to be prototypes now types.
All right.
So it's going to be equal.
And then it's going to be equal to an object.
Now what are you going to do.
We can check the name begin to check the last name and we can check the age.
So since they want to check the name the proper name they're going to say name and then just can just
like an object and to check this name with prop types.
First I need to use the keyboard prop types and then I need to I'm going to do Don and I need to use
the word.
And this ward is going to be kind of the.
The thing that promp types is going to check.
So if this name is going to receive some text here it's going to receive text string with Frances.
So since we want to get a string we're going to say string.
And if I just relo the application the message goes away and everything is good.
So now that's do the same thing with last name is going to be the last name and last name is going to
say prototypes and then dot it's going to be strings.
Well we have a last name right here.
It's going to be JONES Just string now the third one is going to be the age.
So I'm going to say age come and I'm going to call again to prop types.
And since this one is going to be a number I'm going to do something else I'm going to put that number
all right and everything goes correctly because with age of course we have a number.
So what happens if I change the number to the age string.
So we are saying that age should be string and ok we get a warning.
Let me just show you the warning right here.
He's going to say failed prom type in ballot Prop H of views type number supplied to user expected string.
So we are turning right here.
We're telling prompt types that this age should be a string and not a number but instead we are getting
a number.
So prompt types is just giving you a warning.
Everything is going to just work.
It's going to work beautifully.
But you get the warning and the main idea of using prop types is that you're just kind of a body dating
everything.
And maybe in the future you're going to create an application and that application is going to go maybe
to a different developer and do the developers going to start doing things.
And if you have prompt types the developer is going to instantly know that you should be expecting this
values and not other values.
So this is the main idea of promp types.
So I'm going to go back and say a number of everything is going to just pass so we can check a lot of
things with this but sometimes the next thing we need to check after the age is going to be hobbies
and hobbies is going to be an array.
So again we just follow the same principle.
It's going to be Harvey's and Heavy's is going to be promp types.
And since we have an array it's going to be array and it's going to reload and everything is going to
pass.
Let's get the next one.
It's going to be the language.
Spanish is going to be a boolean.
So we're going to go right here and say Spanish.
No I'm sorry it's language or it was Spanish is a Billing's So it's Spanish sorry Spanish is going to
be a boolean.
So again we say promp types.
And since we want to check we want to say that this one is going to be a boolean we use bool b o l of
boolean and everything is going to pass.
The next thing is the message for a message.
We have a function.
So again same idea in a coma and it's going to be message calling prompt types and prompt type since
it's a function.
We say thank you Nic.
I.
Everything passes.
The next one it's going to be car.
So car is an object.
So what we can do we can check if we have an object.
This is is a simple concept car and then just call the promp types dot and it's going to be an object
so we say object.
And again everything is going to pass.
So this is the main idea of proper types is really really simple.
And again if you want to use it well then just use it.
It's a good idea to use it if you don't want to use it.
No problem it's still going to work.
All right.
So OK.
Let's go to the next section and check some other features with prompt types.